[docs][modules] Add native module video guide (#31346)
expo/expo: docs/pages/modules/native-module-tutorial.mdx

description: A tutorial on creating a native module with Expo modules API.
---

import { ContentSpotlight } from '~/ui/components/ContentSpotlight';
import { Terminal } from '~/ui/components/Snippet';

In this tutorial, we are going to build a module that stores the user's preferred app theme - either dark, light, or system. We'll use [`UserDefaults`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/foundation/userdefaults) on iOS and [`SharedPreferences`](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/content/SharedPreferences) on Android. It is possible to implement web support using [`localStorage`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/localStorage), but we'll leave that as an exercise for the reader.

> All the steps for creating a native module are listed below. And here is a video version of the tutorial if that is your preference:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the steps for creating a native module are listed below. If you're a visual learner, check out the video tutorial:
```

Let's update it to be more direct about the video tutorial.
